hey everyone today I have an unboxing
video for you all I went to louisvuitton
my favorite place for handbags and I
have an unboxing I have been wanting
this bag for such a long time I am so
glad that I was finally able to get it
my only regret is that i did not get
this back before the recent price
increase that they just had its really
hesitating that lv constantly raises
their prices but we keep buying so i
guess here's 3c do you have any idea
what it is baton and i've said before to
family and friends that I wasn't going
to buy anymore I was done when I got my
delightful pm and I just I can't help
myself I like my right
here's the box and I just just got back
from the mall so glad to unbox it here
it is do you have any idea yet the artsy
mm yes this is the bag that I have been
wanting forever I finally got it I'm so
happy tags
but here's my big so I think that this
bag is just so so gorgeous such lovely
lovely detailing can see the lovely
braided handle and the charm it's used
for your keys if it isn't it isn't it
lovely I'm just so so so grilled this
will be the bag that I where most
frequently so the artsy mm notice that
inside I can't see it that well but it
has six pockets and that's a zipper
compartment so it's really really deep
really deep so I know that all my items
in here will be able to fit comfortably
yeah
so I know it's going to take time
breaking the handle so I know the handle
is kind of stiff but again i can't say
enough about this bag so so gorgeous i
would say it is a must for any lb
collection because it's just so gorgeous
I really really feel that this is the
best will leave a time that has ever
been made yes oh I just I can't wait I'm
so happy thank you for watching my video
and I will talk to you later bye